---
layout: post
title: This is the First Post
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
subtitle: Introduction & Techs
=======
subtitle: On Blogging, the Internet, and Procrastination
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
---
Astute readers will notice that, as the title might suggest, this is, in fact, the first post.  

As it so happens, I'm presently working for a startup with a similarly descriptive name. At the time of this writing, it hasn't gone public yet, but by the time this post reaches you, it should be listed in the projects section at right. Perhaps you'll be able to guess which one it is.  

I intend for this to be a technical blog. I hope to share solutions to the technical problems I encounter; my little way of reimbursing the community for the many ways it's made my life as a developer easier. That said, for me expository writing is a personal exercise, so philosophy, observations, and general rambling (such as this) may creep in on occasion.

I've seen many developers choose to set up their blogs on platforms like Medium, Tumblr, or Blogger. I chose to roll my own solution with GitHub pages and Jekyll. I'm primarily using Dave Liepmann's highly elegant [Tufte CSS](http://www.daveliepmann.com/tufte-css/) framework, but apart from that I'll be writing all the HTML and CSS myself. I've chosen to put myself through this because while I'm a full stack developer, my forte is in backend development, and so my HTML and CSS knowledge could do with some polishing.

I won't keep myself to a regular publishing schedule; I'll simply post things as I come up with them. That said, if you want to stay updated, following me on Twitter will be an excellent way to do so.
